Hello again you amazing go to people in this video.
We're going to add the final piece of gameplay.
We're going to add the exit the player can go through the exit if they're carrying the loot.
Now because I'm making this as a sort of demonstration or tech demo I'm only gonna have one level.
So if you carry the loot to the exit you will just end the game.
That's that.
Let's take a look at what the exit needs suck to make an exit.
I want an exit to be on every level I'm put into the template if I have more than one level to go through.
There's gonna be some tweaking.
Now I only want the exits to work on the player so I'm going to use collision layers enemies has no
function to check if the player has a no code briefcase.
So let's get into it.
I'm like a brand new scene.
So my brand new C and I've a custom note for this one and I'm going to use a color rect as my base.
So first thing that make it's the right size how do you feel about a minimum size of 200 by 150 200
Yeah.
That's good.
And pick a nice color.
I'm thinking a nice turquoise and only semi transparent so about.
Want to 5 on the Alpha.
My cat is clean the poop.
That's right.
And I'm going to use a colored rectangle so that I can put a label right in the center let's put a label
in there.
And you know what on the color rectangle on an adult theme so load theme on the interface theme.
There it is.
And let's write the word exit.
Now the benefit of using a color rectangle here is and get a layout and I can go to anchor's full rect
and layout center.
Perfect.
Okay so now we have something that looks like an exit.
Let's have it behave like one.
To do that.
I'm going to add an area to each my colorectal area Judy.
There it is.
Now right now the activity is centered on the corner.
I need it in the center.
So let's move it.
To transform.
What do we say this was this was a 200 by 100.
Fantastic.
So how fast you hundreds and one hundred and half 400 is 50.
And there's my area to do right in the center.
It needs a collision shape and that's going to have a rectangle so new Rectangle collision shape.
I click on that and the extents are going to be half of the width.
So one hundred by 50.
Awesome.
Let's rename you exit now before we put the signal.
Let's check our collisions.
So collision less you're not on a ladder.
You lost a plow and you're only going to interact with the with the player so mosque should be on play
a large blank.
Now let's give a script a brand new script awesome.
So here's my exit not G.D..
And what do we want.
Well first thing is I want to connect a signal to it.
So it's got a note and I want this on the physics somebody entered physics body to do so I can take
that to the exit.
Done this before.
Now we know the body has to be the place.
We don't have to check that.
So you go.
If body and now I can use has node and I could see the name of the node.
Now we could it briefcase with a capital B and all I want to do is you to get tree dot quit and we're
good.
So that should work.
We'll save that on the levels.
I guess that's a good place to put it.
And I want to make sure that every level has an exit.
So let's go to our levels get our template and I'm an instance that so instance exit
a save that I was going to level one and find out exit and just move it to where we want it.
I'm thinking in here.
Yeah.
That's looking right in the center that we got.
I can't just go against the wall and that should be good to go.
Let's test it see if this works.
OK so let's steer through here 973 let's see if I can do this fast without losing the game 9 7 8 3.
Here we go.
Yes.
Don't mind me.
I'm not here.
We have a problem with a stealth gave me a rushing.
There we go.
Might be time to use a box.
When you guys think.
I have three boxes.
Let's use a box doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo.
The cover up moon got
excuse me.
I'm a box
and my camera Halo camera.
Well my briefcase
and let's run for it.
Now the briefcase I like a briefcase another box right.
Scuse me.
Box coming through.
And if it wants it we quit the game without any kind of crash.
Now we will have a victory screen but that's demonstrating that we now have a working exit.
Look at that we now have a complete gameplay loop.
Now if you added more than one level you can have to tweak the script a little bit to just move on to
the next level.
But I think that's a really good piece of progress.
So excellent work and I'll see you on the next video.